📝(content) Add DGAPI 1.0 Deprecation Info (#300)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: site/en/publish/pwa-play-billing.md

The [Digital Goods API](https://github.com/WICG/digital-goods/blob/main/explainer.md) is an interface between your app and Google Play. It allows you to retrieve the digital products and details you’ve entered for your in-app products and subscriptions in the Play Console as well as retrieve existing purchases a user has made. If you haven’t added in-app products or subscriptions in the Play Console yet, make sure to follow the [Play Console setup for Play Billing](/{{locale.code}}/publish/play-console-setup-for-billing).

> On November 30th, 2021, M96 stable will be released for Chrome OS and it will have the Digital Goods API 2.0 implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On November 30th, 2021, Chrome OS 96 was released with the Digital Goods API 2.0 implementation.
```

The origin trial for the first version of the Digital Goods API ended on January 30, 2022. Therefore it is now deprecated and only v2 of the API is available.

### Register for the Origin Trial

> Note that the Digital Goods API is currently available through an [Origin Trial](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/blob/gh-pages/developer-guide.md) - a mechanism that allows developers early access to new Web APIs. You will need to register for the Digital Goods API v2 [origin trial](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/view_trial/888335026498830337) and request a token, which you will need to [provide on any pages in your origin](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/blob/gh-pages/developer-guide.md#how-do-i-enable-an-experimental-feature-on-my-origin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! aside.message--note
**Note:** The Digital Goods API is currently available through an [Origin Trial](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/blob/gh-pages/developer-guide.md) - a mechanism that allows developers early access to new Web APIs. You will need to register for the Digital Goods API v2 [origin trial](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/view_trial/888335026498830337) and request a token, which you will need to [provide on any pages in your origin](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/OriginTrials/blob/gh-pages/developer-guide.md#how-do-i-enable-an-experimental-feature-on-my-origin).
!!!
```

Let's wrap this in a note block
